# Capital market reforms to get fresh impetus 
资本市场改革将获新动力
> to get : 表将来; == will get
> impetus : 在这里表示的是动力

More efforts to normalize refinancing, public offerings soon, says regulator 
监管机构称将加大力规范再融资与公开募股
> normalize v. 使标准化，规范化，正常化;  normal(正常的) + -lize (动词词尾)
> refinancing 再融资
> offering : 做名词时译为 用品，供消遣的产品
> public offerings 固定词组，商务英语中表示 公开募股; initial public offerings (IPO) 企业第一次公开募股
> regulator ： 监管部门

China will deepen capital market reforms and opening-up and continue its efforts to avoid risks this year, according to the China Securities Regulatory Commission. 
中国证监会表示，今年中国将深化资本市场改革开放，继续努力规避风险。
> deepen : 本意：使强烈，使某种情况加剧；文中意思：继续深化，继续做某件事情；  -en 修饰形容词表动词，表示 使...
> capital market reforms 资本市场的改革； opening-up 改革开放
> continue its efforts to 继续努力...
> China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) 中国证监会
> Securities : 在商务英语中表示证券， Social securities : 社会保障金; Social securities number 社保号; 

By sticking to the rules of "perfecting fundamental systems, nonintervention and bearing zero tolerance for misconduct", 
which are also the intrinsic logic safeguarding the high-quality development of the capital market,
more efforts will be made to normalize initial public offerings and refinancing, the CSRC said during its annual work conference on Thursday. 
中国证监会于周四（1月28日）在年度工作会议上表示，其将继续坚持“建制度、不干预、零容忍”的原则，本着保护资本市场高质量发展的核心逻辑，进一步规范首次公开募股和再融资。
> By sticking to 通过坚持做...;  By doing sth 通过做某事...
> annual work conference 年度工作会议

Reforms at the investment end will be stressed, said the regulator. 
To be specific, the supply of equity fund products will be further expanded while innovation in services is also important. 
Related policies should be finalized at a faster pace so that pension funds can invest in mutual fund products, which will help attract more long-term capital into the market. 
监管层表示，将加强投资端的改革。具体来说，将进一步扩大股票基金产品的供给，同时进行服务创新。应加快敲定相关政策，使养老基金能够投资共同基金产品，这将有助于吸引更多长期资金入市。
> investment n 投资; invest v 投资 
> at ... end  在...端
> To be specific,... 具体来说,...
> equity fund products 股票基金产品； equity: 公平公正，还表示公司的股本 或者 公司净值
> innovation in services 服务创新
> finalized 可以表示最终定下来，最终定案的意思
> so that 从而
> pension funds 养老基金
> mutual fund 共同基金

Ba Shusong, executive director of the HSBC Financial Research Institute at Peking University, 
said the Chinese capital market structure should be further optimized, especially at the top level. 
北京大学汇丰金融研究院执行院长巴曙松表示，中国资本市场结构应进一步优化，尤其是顶层优化。
> further optimized 进一步优化

"There should be a mechanism to assess long-term capital managers' performance and related risks in order to enhance management efficiency. 
Meanwhile, equity investment and alternative investment should be developed while favorable tax policies should be introduced. 
By creating a better environment in general, the pension funds will be used more efficiently," Ba added. 
巴曙松补充道：“应该建立长期的资本管理人业绩和相关风险的评估机制以提高管理效率。同时，应发展股票投资和另类投资，出台有利的税收政策，通过营造更好的大环境使养老基金得到更有效的利用。”
> mechanism 机制
> alternative 代替的; alternative investment 商务英语中表示另类投资，表示有别于传统的股票基金之外的金融类资产，比如房地产，收藏艺术品
> favorable 有利的

The registration-based IPO mechanism will be evaluated and related regulations optimized so that the mechanism can be promoted throughout the A-share market, said the CSRC. 
中国证监会表示，将对以注册制为基础的首次公开募股机制进行评估，并优化相关法规，使该机制在整个A股市场得到推广。

A systematic opening-up will be promoted steadily. 
While actively advancing the cross-border auditing cooperation, the CSRC will strengthen its supervision capabilities when the Chinese capital market is further opened up. 
与此同时，中国证监会将稳步推进系统性开放，积极推进跨境审计合作，在中国资本市场持续开放的同时加强监管能力。

During the China International Finance Annual Forum 2020 held in early September, 
CSRC Vice-Chairman Fang Xinghai said the regulator will enhance communication
and coordinate policies with overseas capital market supervisors to strengthen cross-border cooperation on auditing for listed companies. 
The commission will seriously crack down on financial fraud to protect the legal rights of investors all over the world, he said. 
在9月初举行的“中国国际金融年度论坛2020”上，
中国证监会副主席方星海表示，监管部门将增进与境外资本市场监管机构的沟通和政策协调，以加强上市公司跨境审计合作。
他表示，证监会将严厉打击金融欺诈行为，保护全球投资者的合法权益。
enhance communication and coordinate policies
financial fraud 金融欺诈

The regulator also said that sustained efforts need to be made to prevent financial risks, 
given the multiple uncertainties and challenges in the domestic and international markets. 
The infrastructure and legal system of the country's bond market should be perfected so that the bond default risks can be resolved. 
监管部门还表示，鉴于国内外市场存在多种不确定因素和挑战，需要持续努力防范金融风险。要完善我国债券市场的基础设施和法律体系，从而规避债券违约风险。
> bond 债券
> default 违约，拖欠
